genuine_calls = [
    "Hello, I noticed an unexpected charge on my credit card statement from a store I don't recognize. Can you help me verify the transaction? I would like to make sure it's not fraudulent, and if it is, I want to dispute the charge and get a refund, please.",

    "Good morning, I’m calling because I applied for a new savings account last week, and I haven’t received any confirmation email. Can you check the status of my application? I just want to make sure everything is in order and that my account is being processed.",

    "Hi, I recently moved to a new address, and I need to update my contact information with the bank. Could you assist me in changing my address on file for my checking and savings accounts? Also, is there anything else I need to update for my account?",

    "Hello, I’m traveling internationally next month, and I want to inform you in advance so that my card isn’t blocked for suspicious activity. Can you please note that I’ll be using my card abroad? I’d also like to ask about any foreign transaction fees that might apply.",

    "Hi, I’m trying to log in to my online banking account, but I forgot my password. Can you help me reset it? I’m locked out and can’t access my account right now. Please assist me in resetting my password so I can check my recent transactions and account balance.",

    "Good afternoon, I’ve noticed that I’m being charged monthly for a service I don’t remember signing up for. Could you check and clarify what this charge is for? If it’s not something I authorized, I’d like to have it removed from my account and stop future charges.",

    "Hello, I would like to inquire about a loan I recently applied for. I’ve already submitted all the required documents, but I haven’t received any updates. Could you check the status and let me know how long the approval process usually takes?",

    "Hi, I just received my new debit card in the mail, and I need to activate it. Can you walk me through the activation process? I’d also like to set up a PIN for the card and make sure it’s linked to my existing checking account for withdrawals and payments.",

    "Good day, I recently received a promotional email about a new credit card offer. I’m interested in learning more about it, specifically the benefits and interest rates. Could you provide me with more details on how to apply and what the eligibility requirements are?",

    "Hello, I’m calling because I need help with setting up automatic bill payments from my checking account. I’d like to ensure my utility bills are paid on time every month. Can you guide me through the process and let me know how I can manage these payments online?",

    "Hello, I’m calling to inquire about the interest rates for a fixed deposit account. I’m considering investing a lump sum amount and would like to understand the different interest rate options available. Could you provide me with the current rates and any terms and conditions?",

    "Hi, I recently received a notification about suspicious activity on my account. I want to confirm if this activity is legitimate or if my account has been compromised. Can you help me review the recent transactions and secure my account if needed?",

    "Good morning, I’ve been a loyal customer for many years, and I’m interested in applying for a personal loan. Could you provide me with information on the application process, eligibility criteria, and the required documentation to get started with the loan application?",

    "Hello, I noticed that my account balance seems lower than expected. Can you assist me in reviewing my recent transactions to identify any discrepancies? I want to ensure that all transactions are accurate and that there are no unauthorized charges.",

    "Hi, I want to set up online banking for my new account. Can you guide me through the process of registering and accessing my account online? I’d also like to know how to set up alerts and notifications for account activity.",

    "Hello, I’m planning to close my old savings account and transfer the balance to my new account. Can you assist me with the account closure process and ensure that all my funds are successfully transferred to my new account without any issues?",

    "Good afternoon, I need to dispute a transaction that was made on my credit card. I don’t recognize the charge and want to contest it. Can you help me file a dispute and provide me with the necessary steps to get a refund or reversal of the charge?",

    "Hi, I’m interested in setting up a retirement savings plan and would like to know more about the available options. Can you provide details about the different retirement plans, their benefits, and how I can start contributing to one of these plans?",

    "Hello, I’ve been having issues with my debit card not working at ATMs. Can you help me troubleshoot the problem and check if there’s an issue with my card or account? I’d like to resolve this as soon as possible so I can access my funds.",

    "Hi, I’d like to inquire about the fees associated with international wire transfers. I’m planning to send money overseas and want to understand the charges involved. Could you provide me with information on the fees and any other details I should be aware of?"
]



fraudulent_calls = [
    "Hi, I’m calling on behalf of my elderly mother who can’t access her account right now. I need to reset her password and update her contact details. She gave me verbal permission to handle this for her, but she’s unavailable at the moment to confirm it directly.",

    "Hello, I lost my wallet, and I need to change my account information. Can you help me transfer all the funds from my current account to a new account I’ll provide? It’s urgent because I don’t want anyone accessing my money from my lost wallet.",

    "Hi, I recently opened a business account with a large sum of money, but I’m having trouble logging in to my online banking. I can’t verify my identity right now, but could you temporarily lift the security hold so I can access the funds for an urgent transaction?",

    "Good afternoon, I’m traveling and left my credit card at home. I need to make a large purchase right away, but I can’t verify my identity since I don’t have my card or phone with me. Can you authorize this transaction for me without the usual security checks?",

    "Hello, I’m calling because I accidentally transferred a large amount of money to the wrong account. I don’t have access to my online banking at the moment. Can you reverse the transaction and send the money to a different account number I’ll provide instead?"
]
